Update info about acra keys (#318)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/_index.md

## acra-keys

`acra-keys` is a command-line utility used for different keys operations for `v1`/`v2` keystores. 

Each functionality is implemented as a separate subcommand:

* [`list`](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/list/) - lists available keys in the keystore;

* [`generate`](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/generate/) - generates new keys;

* [`read`](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/read/) - reads and prints key material in a plaintext;

> * [`export`](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/export/) - exports keys from the keystore (supports only `v2` keystore for versions before 0.95.0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`export`](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-keys/export/) - exports keys from the keystore (`v1` keystore is supported since 0.95.0 ,`v2` keystore is supported since 0.90.0);
```

i suggest to make support versions clear
